Add Linux inhibition support via logind (#25)
jonschz/jellyfin-plugin-preventsleep: docs/Linux.md

# Linux specifics

The Linux landscape is vast, and supporting every variation isn't feasible. So this plugin has prioritised support for one of the more common combinations: a system running systemd (or a logind implementation, like elogind), with libdbus installed, and Jellyfin installed on the host.

> This plugin probably will not work on immutable distributions, like Fedora Silverblue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin may need additional tweaking or fail to work at all on non-standard Linux setups like Fedora Silverblue or NixOS.
```

> (While not tested, it may be possible to have this plugin work in a Docker container with a Linux host meeting the other requirements listed above if you install libdbus in the container and forward the host's `/run/dbus/system_bus_socket` into it. [**Warning**: this may allow malicious programs running in the container to exercise greater control over the host.])

Reviewer: I'd move this paragraph into a short, dedicated section at the bottom

To see if the plugin is doing its job, play something in Jellyfin, and run the following in a terminal:
```shell
systemd-inhibit --list | grep "Prevent Sleep Plugin for Jellyfin"
```

If the plugin is working, you will see something similar to the following in the command's output:

> Prevent Sleep Plugin for Jellyfin 963  jellyfin 34866 jellyfin sleep Serving files/waiting for the configured amount of time for further requests block

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you see no such output, look at Jellyfin's logs containing `Jellyfin.Plugin.PreventSleep` in order to pinpoint the issue. 

```
